hello everyone its Alena and I'm back
whenever video and know this is not a
joke I did actually get up at 4 a.m.
that day I sometimes get up at 4 but not
every day but yeah I'm just a morning
person so mornings are my more
productive time and as always I get out
of bed immediately because I know
otherwise it's just not gonna happen
and then I just weekly go to the
bathroom to wash my face and get dressed
for the day to just feel more ready to
start the day and be productive and the
next thing I do is always make my bed
because if I don't make my bed I know I
will fall back into it and then I do my
makeup to look less sleepy and just a
little bit more awake and I wasn't
feeling too productive that day so I
decided to just quickly pack all my
things in the bag and go to the library
because the library is my more
productive spot so I put in my ear pods
and grabbed my back and then I went on
to put on my coat because it is super
super cold in the morning especially
here in Cambridge it is always pretty
chilly but at 5:00 a.m.
trust me you want to wear a big fluffy
coat so once I had all of my things
ready
I just then walked out of my dorm room
to get to the library
[Music]
since the library isn't staffed at this
time you need to use your car to get in
because you can only get in without a
car when there is someone there just to
make sure that nobody who should be
there uses the library and then I walked
up to the top floor which is the flow of
all the law books
and since I'm a law student that's kind
of like the floor where I usually go and
then just sat down there and yeah
basically started doing my readings for
jurisprudence because it was Friday and
I had a supervision for jurisprudence on
Sunday so I just need to get some
readings done and yeah that's pretty
much how I spent my morning
I left a library around seven o'clock
and then I went back to the room to eat
breakfast with my roommate normally I
have breakfast in debauchery but she had
brought some cupcakes from London and we
just wanted to eat them and yes I know a
cookie dough cupcake isn't really
healthy for breakfast but you know what
it was really good
and then I walked off to the faculty so
here you can see how John's looks like
when there's actually some daylight and
in the Faculty I didn't have a lecture
on 211 so I just went to the library to
do some more work because that's pretty
much you know the essence of my day just
doing a lot of readings taking notes in
them and I just try to get in as much
reading time as I can throughout my day
so whenever I get to spend some time in
the library I use it and try to do my
best to be productive
[Music]
as you can see I try to use a mix of
reading and then taking some notes on it
just to make sure that I don't get
you're tired because when you keep doing
the same thing just reading or just
taking notes it gets a little boring so
I just try to bury it between t2 and
then I had a lecture on land law we're
currently doing mortgages so we were
talking about the rights of the borrower
and the rights of the bank and it is
honestly a really really interesting
topic so always take notes on my iPad in
lectures and then my day was over in
terms of lectures and any of our
scheduled classes so I went to the
University Library with a friend of mine
and that library is really close to the
faculty so it's like a two minute walk
and there is also a tea room in the
university library which is amazing
because you can just quickly grab lunch
there and then you can just take all
your stuff go to the next room and study
and the food is really really good there
so I would HIGHLY highly recommend it
and after that I went to the main
reading room of the University which is
the place of positive peer pressure I
can't put it differently because
everybody's working there and I just
tried to take as many notes on my text
as I could so that I would be prepared
for my Sunday supervision
hi this is a little break from the
voiceover so I'm back in my room it is 4
p.m. now and in the time that has passed
since I've been in the UL I'd had an
interview for an exchange program
obviously I couldn't vlog there and then
I also had a committee meeting but I
came to University human rights law
society and I didn't vlog that either
because it's honestly not very
interesting and I also don't want to get
anybody accidentally on camera who
doesn't want to be um so now I'm back in
my room I have an hour until my next
event of the day which is digital
verification corpse so that is a group
of students who work for MSC
international and basically we look at
footage of human rights violations and
we determine whether it's real or not so
that then helps Amnesty it or you know
information for reports for evidence and
it's just a way of making sure that
people are held accountable it's really
really great to do it but it's obviously
something that can sometimes be a bit
tough because you see things that can be
very very hard to process but it's
something really really great to do so
I'm so so happy that I'm part of it and
I'm gonna go there for free hours so I'm
gonna be back by 8:00 and we're gonna
see what we're gonna do with the rest of
the day now I'm gonna use a bit of time
that I have to write a post for my
little website why just talk about legal
topics that interest me yeah I'm not
sure if I can finish it but I just know
that I wouldn't use this 1 hour very
productively I think my brain needs a
little break from just reading about
jurisprudence so that's what I'm gonna
do now with my time I think I change
into something more comfortable
so my couch and just write a little bit
for nod and yeah then we're gonna go off
to DBC and then here's me writing the
blog post I didn't finish it that night
but just finish it the next day is a
quite interesting post on Nazi tattoos
and weather day legal if you're
interested I'm gonna put a link in the
description box below and it was time to
go to the DBC which is pretty close to
where I live but I can't show you guys
exactly where we are but it is a really
really cool group of people and we just
did some verifying you know tracking
down places trying to figure out where
pictures were taken and I also brought a
sandwich because well it was five trades
so
was hungry and then I went back to my
room and I decided to be a little bit
more productive but I was honestly
feeling quite tired so I just took a few
notes on some more pages that I had read
to make sure that I don't leave that to
the next day because it's usually easier
to just take notes when you still
remember what you were thinking while
you were highlighting up here all the
notes that I took that day seven pages
of notes isn't bad maybe I could have
done a little more but honestly I'm
quite happy with the outcome and they
look really organized when I think I did
an okay job of making them so yeah and
then it was time for me to take off my
makeup and get ready to go to bed
because I was honestly very tired so
here's me falling into bed at 8:45 yeah
PQ neo but honestly I was tired and so
yeah that's the day in my life thank you
so much for watching have a nice day bye